OSDOCS-18308: Created Autonode documentation for ROSA (#110935)
openshift/openshift-docs: rosa_cluster_admin/rosa-nodes-managing-karpenter.adoc

:_mod-docs-content-type: ASSEMBLY
include::_attributes/attributes-openshift-dedicated.adoc[]
[id="rosa-nodes-autonode-managing"]
= Manage compute nodes using {autonode}
:context: rosa-nodes-autonode-managing

toc::[]

[role="_abstract"]
{autonode} provisions compute nodes automatically based on workload demand. By automatically provisioning your nodes, {autonode} helps improve cluster efficiency and reduce costs.

== Prerequisites

* You have installed the {rosa-cli-first} version 1.2.61 or later.

> * You have an OpenShift cluster version 4.22.0 or later.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* You have an {OCP-short} cluster version 4.22.0 or later.
```
